two
i
among them the doctor jerry house that
comes from south africa with the problem of
deafness because of his problem he looks
forced to use these hearing aids
in both ears to be able to listen
my name is ger and I'm a doctor
for 27 years you can tell us which
it's your problem
I lost the auditory sense in both ears
when I was a child because of measles
this device is the one that controls the
sound volume of my devices
auditory in my work as a doctor
it's easy for me to put on my stethoscope
in my ears and I can not hear all
the sounds that come from youtube
the problem is in the practical doctor
its prestige and we are going to reduce the
Our plan is to form a family
of the great raid player
plans for major critical debate
we want the devices removed
auditory
and show them to the camera
where they sell
these are hearing aids like
listen without them
Can you understand what I am saying?
I can not hear what you are
saying when he does not have the appliances
hearing can not hear what you
I'm telling the button to go down to your
end of deafness for many years and carries
I get the hearing aids that he uses
to communicate at home at work
imagine how this disorder being
doctors
let's see how healthy private god
we are here in the line of prayer in
the flood stores all these
Nations in confectionery as expected
people who have come from all over the
world with different fax afflictions and
problems between them is the factor that
you leave that is receiving I received in the
this nation of god
remember jesus christ this process of
miracles and so says a society that he
we can heal a problem that can not
solve the holy spirit is a
spirit of healing and massage at the end
There is never a healer like you
do you think that if God gave us the exhibition
most appreciated that you have by wants
I will have something of less value
if we are going to see as god to elevate to
that doctor in the name of Jesus
no no no
the man of the leaflet god and
warm or saving in the power of
spirit so much spreading his hands
according to the book of facts four
articles they read is doing works and
wonders in the name of Jesus Christ
healthy in the powerful man of fiction
welcome to the synagogue and laws all
the nations in the name of Jesus by
Please can you tell us your name and age
the city where my name comes from is the
doctor jerry dejas de saud africa i have
50 years what was the problem that
brought the church synagogue of all the
nations
my problem has been coming for a long time
back since I was a kid I had a
childhood disease called measles
that destroyed the nerves of my ears
bugs that is always a permanent and
destructive disease had to use
hearing aids
that also had an effect on me
medical practice because the fact that
I could not hear I had to stop
certain things I had to stop
births because I could not hear the
palpitations of the babies I had to
stop any anesthesiologist job
because I could never hear the
people's rooms
tell us where he went looking for solution
to these problems
if I was treated by superior doctors in
South Africa and everyone said exactly what
same as the nerves in my ears
had been permanently damaged is
incurable there's nothing we can do
so I came to nigeria to receive
prayer of perfect tibi llosa when
I was in the prayer line he put
his hands in my ears and prayed for me he
He told me to take off my devices
hearing the minute I remove the
hearing aids was already normal and has
been normal for the past three years
we applaud for Jesus